You have to think about it carefully.
This is 150,000.
How to change it.
Come and see you and cooperate with us politely.
Next, dealing with Shen Yunlan will be much easier.
You are not allowed to show off and argue.
Even he deserves it.
After him, the next one is Shen Minzhu.
Yan Xie, you are not allowed to say anything. repair soft,
Unless he, Sheng Minzhu, is willing to hand over the power of enshrining Shengshi to me.
Second-hand copying is carried out by people in the group,
Do you want to invite them all? No need,
By the way, Madam's side
what is this
The young lady took a box of traps
Dongjianjue, why is it you?
I'll go clean it up
This is playing with my epidemic work
I'll take you down with me
So what would be the logistics?